README.md, before:

![](https://github.com/jackyyang09/Simple-Unity-Audio-Manager/blob/Media/Media/Homepage%20Promo/JSAM%20card%20image.png)

**JSAM 3.0 is at a point that I'd call "usable". If you would like to try a bunch of new features (that may potentially be buggy), do pull directly from the repository into your project! Anything that isn't packaged and uploaded to the Release page is entirely work-in-progress and may be subject to change**

**I cannot give a definite timeline for when it will be finished, as I'm currently beset by a full-time job and some higher priority projects. As of now the latest release is the most stable version to use!**

Tired of having to manage a billion AudioSources lying about? That will no longer be a reality!
Never worry about sounds and music ever again!

Jacky's Simple Audio Manager (aka **JSAM**) is a easy-to-use, performant, and decentralized audio playing system for Unity.

JSAM is perfect for game jams, prototypes and is scaleable with your project!

# Features
- Easily and intuitively add and play sounds and music!
- Individually control master volume, sound volume and music volume!
- Music and sound fading!
- Built-in Loop Point authoring interface (powered by [Audio Tools Library for .NET](https://github.com/Zeugma440/atldotnet))
- Spatialized 3D sound and audio!
- Audio that changes depending on the scale of time
- Compatible with Unity's built-in Audio Effects
- Drag and drop components that handle sound playback on
   - Collision events
   - Trigger events
   - Particle emission and death
- *Extensive* in-editor, in-code documentation for easy extensibility

# Add JSAM to your Project

### Install via GIT URL

- Go to ```Package Manager``` -> ```Add package from GIT url...``` -> Enter ```https://github.com/jackyyang09/Simple-Unity-Audio-Manager.git#master``` -> Click ```Add``` *(You will need to have Git installed and available in your system's PATH)*

### Also

- Check out the [wiki](https://github.com/jackyyang09/Simple-Unity-Audio-Manager/wiki/1.-Downloading-and-Importing-JSAM) to see how to **simplify** audio integration in your  project!
- Check out the [documentation](https://jackyyang09.github.io/Simple-Unity-Audio-Manager/) to learn more about and extend JSAM's functionality!

# More Info
Check out the [Releases](https://github.com/jackyyang09/Simple-Unity-Audio-Manager/releases) page to see all the latest updates!

JSAM is now on the [Unity Asset Store](https://assetstore.unity.com/packages/tools/audio/jacky-s-simple-audio-manager-176802)! Do check the Github Releases page for the latest bug fixes.

If you'd like to see what parts of AudioManager I'm actively working on, you can check out the [Trello!](https://trello.com/b/r6237lmD/audiomanager)

If JSAM has helped you at all, feel free to [donate](https://www.paypal.com/paypalme/brogrammist)! My quest to streamline audio is neverending, but your patronage is always appreciated!

# Screenshots
![](https://github.com/jackyyang09/Simple-Unity-Audio-Manager/blob/Media/Media/Homepage%20Promo/JSAM%20promo%201.png)
![](https://github.com/jackyyang09/Simple-Unity-Audio-Manager/blob/Media/Media/Homepage%20Promo/JSAM%20promo%202.png)
![](https://github.com/jackyyang09/Simple-Unity-Audio-Manager/blob/Media/Media/Homepage%20Promo/JSAM%20promo%203.png)
![](https://github.com/jackyyang09/Simple-Unity-Audio-Manager/blob/Media/Media/Homepage%20Promo/JSAM%20promo%204.png)
![](https://github.com/jackyyang09/Simple-Unity-Audio-Manager/blob/Media/Media/Homepage%20Promo/JSAM%20promo%205.png)
![](https://github.com/jackyyang09/Simple-Unity-Audio-Manager/blob/Media/Media/Homepage%20Promo/JSAM%20promo%206.png)
![](https://github.com/jackyyang09/Simple-Unity-Audio-Manager/blob/Media/Media/Homepage%20Promo/JSAM%20promo%207.png)
![](https://github.com/jackyyang09/Simple-Unity-Audio-Manager/blob/Media/Media/Homepage%20Promo/JSAM%20promo%208.png)

Commit message:

Added voice volume channel, finished video volume sample

README.md, after:

![](https://github.com/jackyyang09/Simple-Unity-Audio-Manager/blob/Media/Media/Homepage%20Promo/JSAM%20card%20image.png)

Tired of having to manage a billion AudioSources lying about? That will no longer be a reality!
Never worry about sounds and music ever again!

Jacky's Simple Audio Manager (aka **JSAM**) is a easy-to-use, performant, and decentralized audio playing system for Unity.

JSAM is perfect for game jams, prototypes and is scaleable with your project!

# Features
- Easily and intuitively add and play sounds and music!
- Individually control master volume, sound volume and music volume!
- Music and sound fading!
- Built-in Loop Point authoring interface (powered by [Audio Tools Library for .NET](https://github.com/Zeugma440/atldotnet))
- Spatialized 3D sound and audio!
- Audio that changes depending on the scale of time
- Compatible with Unity's built-in Audio Effects
- Drag and drop components that handle sound playback on
   - Collision events
   - Trigger events
   - Particle emission and death
- *Extensive* in-editor, in-code documentation for easy extensibility

# Add JSAM to your Project

### Install via GIT URL
*(You will need to have [Git](https://git-scm.com/book/en/v2/Getting-Started-Installing-Git) installed and available in your system's PATH)*
- Open the **Package Manager** window in Unity
- Click the **+** symbol in the left-hand corner
- Choose the option to **Add package from Git URL**
- Input the following `https://github.com/jackyyang09/Simple-Unity-Audio-Manager.git#master` and click **Add**
![](https://github.com/jackyyang09/Simple-Unity-Audio-Manager/blob/Media/Media/Installation/package%20install.gif)

### Also

- Check out the [wiki](https://github.com/jackyyang09/Simple-Unity-Audio-Manager/wiki/1.-Downloading-and-Importing-JSAM) to see how to **simplify** audio integration in your  project!
- Check out the [documentation](https://jackyyang09.github.io/Simple-Unity-Audio-Manager/) to learn more about and extend JSAM's functionality!

# More Info
Check out the [Releases](https://github.com/jackyyang09/Simple-Unity-Audio-Manager/releases) page to see all the latest updates!

JSAM is now on the [Unity Asset Store](https://assetstore.unity.com/packages/tools/audio/jacky-s-simple-audio-manager-176802)! Do check the Github Releases page for the latest bug fixes.

If you'd like to see what parts of AudioManager I'm actively working on, you can check out the [Trello!](https://trello.com/b/r6237lmD/audiomanager)

If JSAM has helped you at all, feel free to [donate](https://www.paypal.com/paypalme/brogrammist)! My quest to streamline audio is neverending, but your patronage is always appreciated!

# Screenshots
![](https://github.com/jackyyang09/Simple-Unity-Audio-Manager/blob/Media/Media/Homepage%20Promo/JSAM%20promo%201.png)
![](https://github.com/jackyyang09/Simple-Unity-Audio-Manager/blob/Media/Media/Homepage%20Promo/JSAM%20promo%202.png)
![](https://github.com/jackyyang09/Simple-Unity-Audio-Manager/blob/Media/Media/Homepage%20Promo/JSAM%20promo%203.png)
![](https://github.com/jackyyang09/Simple-Unity-Audio-Manager/blob/Media/Media/Homepage%20Promo/JSAM%20promo%204.png)
![](https://github.com/jackyyang09/Simple-Unity-Audio-Manager/blob/Media/Media/Homepage%20Promo/JSAM%20promo%205.png)
![](https://github.com/jackyyang09/Simple-Unity-Audio-Manager/blob/Media/Media/Homepage%20Promo/JSAM%20promo%206.png)
![](https://github.com/jackyyang09/Simple-Unity-Audio-Manager/blob/Media/Media/Homepage%20Promo/JSAM%20promo%207.png)
![](https://github.com/jackyyang09/Simple-Unity-Audio-Manager/blob/Media/Media/Homepage%20Promo/JSAM%20promo%208.png)
